# SDR_AI_SYSTEM

This guide provides a step-by-step breakdown on how to runand evaluate the AI-driven email outreach system for Sales Development Representatives (SDRs). Follow these instructions to reproduce the results and know how to interpret the outputs generated by the system.

Instructions to Run this Project:

1. Install the required dependencies using requirements file:
pip install -r requirements.text
2. Replace the Google Custom Search API key and Gmail credentials in the code with your own.
3. Run the FastAPI backend:
uvicorn backend.main:app --reload --port 8080
4. Run the Streamlit frontend:
streamlit run frontend/app.py
System should now be live at http://localhost:8501

Module-wise Instructions:

1. Prospect Research Module
This module fetches detailed research data about a prospect and their company using Google Custom Search API.
How to Run:
Enter the prospect name, company name, email id of the person you need to research in the Streamlit app.
The research results will be displayed in the frontend.
Make sure to replace the Google Custom Search API key with your own in research.py.

2. Email Generation Module
This module generates a personalized email based on the research report and an uploaded product catalog (PDF/TXT format).
How to Run:
Upload a product catalog (Name of the products you have) in the Streamlit app.
The personalized email draft will be displayed.

3. Email Review Module
This module reviews and optimizes the generated email based on provided email template and sales best practices.
How to Run:
Upload a sales email template and provide the generated email draft.
This will display the reviewed and corrected email along with a feedback score.

4. Email Sending Module
This module sends the reviewed email using Gmail's SMTP service.
How to Run:
Ensure your Gmail credentials (email and app password) are added in email_sender.py.
Enter the prospect’s email address and send the email via the app.

